Hey, good morning family.
I have a great video here for you.
I have a great testimony—something that I've been believing God for, and the Lord came through.
I just came on today to tell you about the goodness of God and what faith can do.
First of all, I want to say thank you for all the likes, all the shares, and all the kind words in the comment section.
God is so good.
He told me to start this channel back at the first of the year, and to see what the Lord has done in such a short amount of time has been amazing.
I just want to say thank you from the bottom of my heart, for my wife's heart, and for my children.
We just want to say thank you for all the love gifts and for all of the support that you're showing us.
We just want to let you know we pray for you.
We're believing for your miracles, for a turnaround in your finances, and for healing in your bodies.
I just believe that nothing is impossible to him who believes, and God is still doing miracles today.
Here's a miracle that God did for me.
At the beginning of this year, I had the same mower.
I have a little over an acre of land that I take care of every week in the summer and the spring, and then through the fall.
I have a lot of trees, and the trees drop all the leaves.
I've had the same mower now for going on 20 years.
The transmission belt that makes it go was slipping really bad.
I started looking at how much mowers cost and pricing them.
For my land and how much of a mower I needed, it was going to cost thousands and thousands of dollars.
I said, 'Lord, I don't want to spend that kind of money on a credit card or try to do this right now.
I'm just going to use this mower as much as I can.
' I anointed it with oil, started praying over my mower, and I just had to drive really slow.
Here we are in August, and all through the summer, it was just driving really slow; it took me forever to mow this land.
I didn't complain; it was irritating, but I just used it as prayer time.
The more time I had to mow, the more time I spent praying in the spirit and seeking Him.
It was just my private time mowing grass.
Lo and behold, I was outside and I was weed-eating around my yard tonight when a lady from the church drove up in a truck with a mower on a trailer in the back.
She jumped out of the truck and said, 'Brandon, the Lord spoke to me in my yard last night and told me to come and bless you with this mower.
I bought it last year and I paid $7,000 for it.
' She said it's brand new and has the bagger and everything.
This mower is top of the line—the Cadillac of mowers.
It's one of the best mowers you can buy on the market; it doesn't get any better, really.
The engine is really big.
This sucker's huge.
She and her husband got out and said, 'We believe the Lord spoke to us to give you this mower to use for your land.
' I said, 'Are you kidding me?
' and they said, 'Yeah.
' She was crying and he was crying; it was a sacrificial gift.
I was so taken aback by it.
I just said, 'Praise God,' because I've been believing for this mower and the Lord came through.
I'm not bragging about what God did; I'm rejoicing in it.
I'm trying to tell you that faith can do anything.
If you want to believe for anything—it doesn't matter how big or how small—God is able to provide.
He came through for me again.
They rolled that mower down off that trailer and said, 'Here you go.
' They taught me how to use it—it took a bit because it had all these buttons and features.
It was just amazing.
As I said, it has the bagger for the leaves for the coming fall.
Everything I ever wanted in a mower, God gave it to me today.
I just want to tell you right now how good God is.
God is a good God, He loves you so much, and He provided for me again today with something that was like the Cadillac of mowers.
It's not like a little push mower; He gave me the best of the best of a rider and, in the world scene, I'm just telling you it doesn't get any better than that.
If God can do it for me, He can do it for you.
I didn't complain about it; I tried to be thankful for what I had and keep a good attitude, regardless if that belt was slipping.
I anointed it with oil and kept praying over it, 'Little mower, you're going to last all through the summer; you're not going to fall apart.
' It kept getting worse and worse, but I kept praying in the spirit and laying hands on my mower: 'Mower, you're going to work today when I need you to work.
' I told my wife, 'It's okay.
It's prayer time.
We'll just keep a good attitude and just keep going.
' I said at the end when they have a big sale sometime, we're going to find one.
So I looked at Craigslist and Facebook Marketplace.
I was always looking, saying, 'Father, I thank You that You're going to provide something good and I'm going to get it for a good deal.
' I kept thanking Him all the time, 'Thank You, Lord, that You've got this.
I thank You, Father, that You supply for my needs.
' I kept saying to myself, 'I'm not going to complain.
' I thank You, Lord, that all my needs are met according to Your riches and glory, and this mower is even a concern to You.
I kept mowing week after week, and all of a sudden, a breakthrough comes.
That's the way God moves.
Breakthrough comes.
Faith calls those things that be not as though they were.
The same faith that will move a mountain will produce a mower, a healing, or whatever you need—an electric bill paid or some food for your children.
God is a provider.
I'm encouraged because it was a great breakthrough.
When that mower turned that corner tonight when I was out there weed-eating in my yard, I thought, 'What in the world?
' I noticed the truck and thought they were coming to help me mow; I had no idea that they were going to bless me with this high-dollar mower.
I just wanted to give God the praise for it.
The Lord has been speaking to me about 2024.
I want you all to be encouraged; there is a major financial shifting about to take place.
You need to get the Word down inside of you.
I was driving down the road praying in the spirit and the Lord warned me, 'Brandon, there are very sobering days coming to America and around the world.
' Very sobering days.
And I thought, "Well, that doesn't sound like a real good word.
" He said, "But Brandon, what is the opposite of being sober?
" He said, "Being drunk.
You need to be filled with the Holy Ghost.
You need to stay full with the Holy Ghost at all times to get through the days ahead.
You need to get laughter down on the inside of you and get that Holy Ghost bubbling up on the inside of you to make it for what's coming.
" He told me, he said, "Do you remember, son?
" And this is just the way we talk.
"Do you remember about Mary Poppins whenever they were drinking the stuff?
I love to laugh.
" He said, "That's the way you need to be.
You need to be filled with the Holy Ghost and laughter.
" And I've told you all this before, but the Lord reminded me again to tell you: you need to be filled with a refreshing, drinking of the spirit through praise.
You need to get into the spirit of praise in your house, worshiping Him and thanksgiving and praise and adoration.
"God, thank you for all that you've done for my home," and get in that vein because when praises go up, blessings come down.
I'm telling you, I was in a state of prayer last night.
I was trying to tell you, and I kind of skipped around here about 2024 and what He was warning me about, and it's going to be a year that we soar.
It's time for the body of Christ to start taking the dominion and our authority over the land and walking in a presence on our lives.
We will soar in '24.
Remember that it's a good year.
It's not going to be a bad year.
And what the devil meant for bad, God will turn it for good in your favor if you just grab hold of it.
I'm telling you, it's not a time to start to shrink back.
It's time to take the land.
It's time to take what God has given us and go with boldness.
Like Joshua, we're going to go and walk around the walls of Jericho and we're going to give a great shout.
And those walls that the devil has tried to put up over the years are coming down.
It's time for the walls to come down.
But how they did it was a shout of praise.
Oh, glory, glory, glory.
Glory to God in the highest.
And they blew their trumpets and bam, all the walls came down through a great earthquake and it shook those walls and they went in and they took the city of Jericho.
Now, it's time for us to do the same things like they did of old.
It's time for us to walk in revival.
It's time for us to be able to take dominion and authority over our children.
And we need to know who we are in Christ.
Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
And the same Jesus that was raised from the dead is dwelling on the inside of you in the Holy Spirit.
He's inside of you.
And it's time to walk in abundance.
It's time to walk in favor.
It's time to turn the circumstances around in your life.
God is no respecter of persons.
I'm telling you all, I saw the blessing and the favor of God even yesterday.
You've got to change it.
What you said today is what you'll be living tomorrow.
If you don't like where you're living right now, check what you said yesterday.
I'm trying to tell you something.
It's very important.
Your words, speaking out of your mouth, decreeing a thing is what you are living.
That's the fruit.
Every seed you sow through your words or through financial giving will produce: some 30, some 60, and 100fold.
If you need a miracle in your finances, you need to sow into good ground.
You need to believe God because the harvest comes by sowing seed.
If you're not sowing seed, you can't believe God for a harvest.
I tithe.
I give regularly as much as I can.
And I sow those seeds and I believe and He provides.
But if you're not sowing seed, don't expect a harvest in that area.
What you sow, you'll reap.
Whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap.
It's a law.
If you sow corn into the ground, you're going to reap back corn.
If you sow peas into the ground, you're going to reap back peas.
If you sow potatoes and so on, the same thing.
You sow into the kingdom of God and you bless ministries.
You help people out and God's going to bless you: good measure, pressed down, shaken together, and running over, shall men give unto your bosom.
He'll give you creative ideas to get wealth.
He'll bless you so that you can be a blessing to others.
It's not always about hoarding things on yourself.
It's about being a blessing to the person in the line at the grocery store.
They may not have grocery money to buy any groceries.
They may be running low, but you go in there and you show the love of God, and the Holy Ghost speaks to you and he tells you, "Hey, you see that person right there?
They don't have the money to buy their groceries.
They're running real low on finances, but you can tell them Jesus loves them and buy their groceries today.
" But you can't do that broke.
You can't do that bound.
You've got to be treading water, not sinking in the water.
We've got to be above and not beneath.
We've got to go through and not go under.
God has the cattle on a thousand hills and He has given it to us.
He said, "I've given you dominion and authority and power in this earth.
Go and take dominion.
Subdue it just like He told Adam.
" And we have that same power on the inside of us to subdue and take dominion and authority over things.
And God wants us to be a blessing to our neighbor.
What's coming is going to be bad in the natural.
I hope you all understand me.
I do not try to preach fear, but I need to warn you again.
Listen to me.
A great shaking is coming.
It is a massive shaking.
It will be very hard for some people.
And if you are not able to be a blessing to your neighbors around you that don't know Jesus Christ, you're missing it.
We've got to come up another level.
I saw it again in the spirit.
I saw a great financial harvest.
They were like dominoes stacked up.
And I saw the years and the months ahead.
And the Lord painted it out in front of me and He told me, He said, "There's going to be a financial shifting.
There's going to be a catastrophic event.
There's going to be an outpouring of my spirit.
There's going to be a great harvest of souls.
" But He told me, He said, "Brandon, that's what I'm trying to tell you again.
2024 you will soar.
It's time to come up another level.
It's time to do things greater.
I will provide all your needs according to My riches in glory.
" And I saw into 2024, and 2024 is not a bad year.
It's a blessed year.
I'm telling you.
But like I said, it's like a coin.
You can either focus on the bad or you can focus on the good.
It's that thin.
But it's a choice.
You can praise Him through the storm and speak to your storm and tell it to be still, or you can let the storm overtake you.
But you are in charge of your destiny.
But you speaking out of your mouth, "Well, my life's never going to change.
My life's never going to get better.
All things are falling apart for me," you're going to start living it.
You can look around you and think, "Man, my life is looking terrible.
My car is falling apart.
My house has a leaky roof.
" But I'm telling you, a lot of what we live today is what we spoke 10 years ago, what we believed 5 years ago.
Life and death are in the power of your tongue.
And the Bible also says your tongue is the pen of a ready writer.
And so you are writing your destiny, your future, out by what you speak.
If you're saying things out of your mouth that are ugly and bad and you're cursing your wife—"Well, you're a no-good so-and-so"—guess what?
You're going to start to reap a no-good so-and-so because you have authority over your house, husbands.
You have authority over your children.
You have authority over your wife.
God gave you dominion over that home.
And when you start speaking trash over your kids—"Well, Johnny, he's out there and he's just a no-good so-and-so.
He's out doing drugs, sleeping around, doing all this stuff"—no, you've got to change your words.
You've got to start speaking into that circumstance, saying, "No, Johnny's full of the Holy Ghost.
He's full of the life and the power of God, and God's going to deliver him and use him for the kingdom.
Things are going to get better in Johnny's life.
" I don't know what's going to happen to the person next door, but as for me and my house, we will serve the Lord.
And that's the kind of words you've got to start saying.
You've got to speak life into your circumstances.
You've got to speak life into your children.
You've got to speak life into your wife.
And wives, you need to speak life into your husband.
You don't need to be out cursing him: "Oh, he's just a drunk.
" No, he's not a drunk.
He's full of the Holy Ghost.
He's full of the wine of the Holy Ghost.
He's going to be leading our family into victory.
He's not going to be out doing bars and cheating and doing all that stuff.
He's going to be in here preaching the word of God and leading this family into victory.
You have to speak to your circumstances.
Do you understand?
Like I told you a thousand times, it feels like your mountain has to hear your voice.
But what you live—I'll say it again—what you're living right now, what you're having in your life right now is a result of what you said yesterday.
Remember that you have got to speak life into your circumstances.
You have to because life and death is in the power of the tongue.
It's so important that you hear what I'm telling you because a lot of you—I see what you're saying: "Well, God works in your life but he doesn't work in mine.
" You know why?
Because that's what you believe.
Out of the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaks.
The Bible says that what you believe in your heart, you're going to say out of your mouth.
You can always pinpoint somebody and where they are in their faith because of what they're saying out of their mouth.
I can just get around you for five minutes to have a conversation and ask you certain questions about your life.
What do you say about your life?
What are you saying about your circumstances?
Because I can pinpoint your faith real quick.
You will never hear me speak bad about my kids, ever.
I tell you examples of things to help you, but I'm telling you, I never even would let anybody speak the word "autism" out of their mouth.
If you spoke "autism" over my daughter, I would want to punch you in the face.
That's how much it upset me.
I'd be like, "No, you ain't speaking that trash over my child.
She's healed by the stripes of Jesus.
" It's an illustration I'm trying to tell you.
Sometimes I tell you, "This is what we're overcoming," but we don't speak that word in our house.
It's like speaking death.
That's a death word.
We're not speaking that; we speak life.
Megan is healed by the stripes of Jesus.
Megan has the mind of Christ.
Megan can do all things through Christ who's in her.
I'm not moved by what I see.
I'm not moved by what I feel right now.
Yeah, she may have had a temper tantrum and she may be flipping out and doing her thing and stemming and doing all this stuff, but God, I thank you, Lord, that those things are subject to change.
I am not moved by what she's doing right now when she's having an anger fit or doing something.
I just pray over her mind: "Father, I lay hands on her.
I bind any kind of demonic disturbances off of you, baby.
You are healed in the name of Jesus.
I speak to your brain cells to line up with the word of God.
I speak to any damage in your body that's been caused by vaccinations to be healed in Jesus' name.
" You are a creative, miracle-working God, and I believe with all my heart that You raised Christ from the dead and You healed me by His stripes.
I stand on that.
I'm not moved by what I see.
I'm not moved by what I feel; I'm moved by what the word says.
God is a good God.
Remember this, regardless of what your circumstances are saying around you: No.
Regardless of how bad it may look—you may have the worst conditions and it doesn't look like it's changed—but if you keep on keeping on, if you keep speaking and you keep declaring and you keep looking at your circumstances, it's going to change.
It takes time sometimes to move a big ship and to turn a huge ocean liner.
It takes a little bit to turn that ship.
Sometimes it takes a little bit because you've been speaking so much trash out of your mouth for so long.
It may take a little bit, but don't give up.
Don't give in to it.
The devil might come by and whisper in your ear, telling you your life's never going to change, you're going to be this way forever, and there's no God that hears your prayers.
But I'm telling you this, God is faithful and He's going to set you free with the same power that He set me free with.
He loves you.
Don't get weary in well-doing.
Keep your faith stirred up.
You've got to get in the word every day.
You've got to get in prayer every day because you have to keep filling your spirit up with that word.
Find the scripture.
I've said it before and I'll say it again: you've got to find scriptures pertaining to what you're believing for.
You've got to get that word down inside of your heart because in those words, that's what brings freedom.
You shall know the truth, and the truth will set you free.
But I'm telling you, if you keep speaking trash out of your mouth, you're going to live it.
I've lived it; I saw it happen when I was growing up.
A lot of times my mom would speak things out of her mouth that she didn't believe in her heart because whatever was at the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaks, what I tell you.
And we kept going around the mountain.
But I'm telling you, my mother started speaking better out of her mouth.
She lives it now.
She started speaking positive out of her mouth.
She started saying things over us: "It's going to get better.
" And I'm telling you, after the third kid, my little brother, he had it a lot better than what I had it.
When I first started out, we had it real rough.
But when she started getting the word of faith and all that word down inside of her, it started changing.
My little brother has a totally different life than what I had.
But I'm telling you this, you can change your circumstances by your words.
You need to understand how powerful your words are.
And I hope I haven't become boring, but I'm just trying to tell you what's changed my life.
That's what I kept saying about the mower.
God is a good God.
He's going to take care of me.
Even whenever it didn't look like it was going to and the summer is almost over, but right when it's almost time to start doing the leaves, God says, "Brennan, I got your back.
I got you.
" Maybe He was talking to that sister in the church for weeks ahead and she was resisting it.
A lot of times, this is what I want to tell you: when God speaks to you to be obedient and to do something, do it immediately.
Because if you don't, He'll bring that person who you're believing for and you're sowing those seeds.
It may take you a long time.
This might be something that I'm reaping.
He might be telling you, 'You need to do this, this, and this.
' He'll bring that same kind of person around you who was in rebellion.
Basically, if he told them a long time ago, 'I wanted to give that mower to them back in June or May when the season first started,' and they resisted it—'Oh, I don't feel like it.
I don't want to do that.
I just paid $7,000 for that'—and they wrestle with it, the Lord keeps putting it on their heart: 'I want you to do this for Brandon.
' 'I don't feel like doing that right now, Lord.
' Don't sow those kind of seeds.
When God speaks to you to do something, be quick to obey because that's the kind of seed you'll reap back.
When God speaks to somebody's heart to help you out, be quick to obey.
He'll start speaking to someone's heart to sow fast to you.
You could be waiting on your miracle sometimes and ask, 'Where is it, Lord?
' like in my situation.
But there've been times he's told me, 'I want you to give a watch away.
' I don't want to give that watch away because I love watches.
Watches are a big deal to me.
I've given seven watches away, and the Lord tells me it's like a ministry to me.
I love watches.
So I give these watches away, and the Lord said, 'See that person over there in church?
I want you to.
' My first watch I ever gave away, I was 15 years old and I paid $400 for it; it was a Seiko.
It was really dear to me because it was one of those kinetic ones that you could move your arm and it would charge itself.
And the Lord spoke to me, 'I want you to give that watch to the youth pastor.
' It was really nice back then; for me, that was a lot of money.
It took me forever to save up for that watch.
I kept resisting it and was like, 'Please Lord, I don't want to give that watch away.
' It took me months to save for that watch because I was sacking groceries, just putting groceries up, and I only made minimum wage.
Back then, that was nothing.
I kept resisting it and I didn't want to sow, but I had to do my tithes and offerings and everything.
The Lord said, 'I want you to give that watch to him.
' One day I was at church and he walked by me, and the Lord said, 'Give that watch to him right now.
I want you to be obedient to what I told you to do.
' So I took my watch off and I said, 'Hey, pastor.
The Lord spoke to me to give this watch to you.
This is a sacrificial gift, and it's painful for my flesh because it took me over three months to save up for this.
400 bucks.
' So I gave it to him and I prayed over him.
I cried as I did it.
But I'm trying to tell you, God is faithful and he always provides another watch.
He always takes care of things.
I started sowing those watches, and the Lord gives me better watches.
So this is a thing for me.
I'm wanting you to understand that sometimes God will speak to your heart and tell you to do something that's not always comfortable to your flesh.
It wasn't comfortable to the lady that gave me the $7,000 mower she just bought over a year ago.
It was almost brand new.
It's not comfortable sometimes.
It makes you want to go 'ooh,' but there's reward in it.
There've been so many times that I sow and it's painful.
But you have to move in faith for your circumstances.
You've got to put your faith into motion and do things that are uncomfortable.
God is a faithful God.
And if you sow into good ground and you sow and you do these things, God will always come through for you.
I'm just trying to tell you what I've lived, y'all.
I do it all the time.
And God is a faithful God.
So if the Lord tells you to bless your church or the lady at the grocery store and you don't want to help, she might be down to her last $50.
You could be the greatest influence and the greatest blessing to that person at that moment and just tell them, 'Jesus loves you and I just want to pray for you.
' They may go, 'I need prayer.
' Kind of like when I prayed for the man that had the bad lung problem.
He was desperate and needed his miracle right then, or he was getting ready to die.
What an opportunity to be a blessing!
I see the comment section, and I'm just trying to go by what I see.
A lady's talking about how she's broke and can't pay for her food.
I'm telling you how God's always provided for me.
I wanted to tell you a testimony about what God did for me this evening just yesterday.
God's so faithful and God will take care of you if you believe him.
But you have to start speaking and believing better.
When you do, God's going to turn your mountain around.
He's a mountain-dissolving God.
We are in the greatest days for the body of Christ to be a light and to be the salt.
It's a choice.
But Jesus needs us to be obedient.
If we're not, we're not doing what he's called us to do.
He's ready to come back, but he's wanting those souls coming in.
If you have something on your heart and you need direction, or for preaching like these little sermons I'm doing, tell me, 'Hey, I'm believing for this.
' I'm trying to give you encouragement by telling you how my wife and I have lived this.
We're not perfect.
One time we had our maternity and the doctor's bills were thousands of dollars.
We were broke.
I was working at the church and we were real desperate.
The hospital sent the bill to a collection agency, and they were going to garnish our wages.
It's the way it is here in Oklahoma.
If you don't pay your bills, they're able to come after you.
Rightfully so, I owed the money, but I just didn't have it.
We were living on food stamps.
They were saying, 'We're going to garnish your checks.
' We were like, 'God, what are we going to do?
' We couldn't even pay our rent.
So we were just standing by faith.
And this is another circumstance.
This was something that was really dear to me at the time because God came through.
I was cleaning the bathrooms of the church.
I was keeping my head up and I said, "God, they're coming after my check, they're going to take part of it, and I don't have it.
We're going to go without food again.
" I was just whining inside my heart, trying to keep my faith up.
Some people in the church...
we didn't tell anybody anything because I'm not a person who manipulates.
Don't be a person who is manipulating people by the ministry of hints.
Don't do that.
God is your provider.
Man is not.
You need to understand that.
Don't go around telling people at church, "Well, I'm having a hard time and I can't pay my bills.
" Tell God and rejoice.
Keep your eyes on Jesus.
Don't put your eyes on man.
My wife, Diana, was working.
We were doing the best we could.
I was in there cleaning and I got a call on my radio: "Hey, come to the front.
" I went up to the front and there was a lady there.
She said, "The Lord told me to write you a check to pay off your hospital bills.
" It took my breath away because I was so desperate.
I called my wife and said, "Hey, babe, look what Jesus just did.
" She gave me a check for $3,500.
She said, "The Lord told me to give you this to pay off your hospital bills, what you still owed.
" And God took care of all of it.
We were right there at the point of them garnishing my wages.
But I'm trying to tell you, God is a faithful God.
And if you believe him, nothing is impossible to him who believes.
So let me pray for you right now.
Will you bow your heads?
I'm going to believe God.
You may need a financial miracle or breakthrough.
You may need healing in your body.
I don't know what circumstances you are in, but I know it doesn't matter what it is.
All things are possible.
Nothing is too big.
So, Father, right now, just stretch your hands out to me.
I'm going to believe God with you right now.
Wherever you are, you might be all around the world.
You may be down to your last cup of rice.
There are some people all over the place that I'm ministering to right now.
You may be to your last cup of beans.
Who knows?
But I know this: God's a multiplier.
God's a God that provides.
So, Father, right now in the name of Jesus, I speak to their circumstances.
I agree with my brothers and sisters right now.
We speak life out of our mouths concerning our circumstances.
We turn our circumstances around by faith.
You said that nothing is impossible to him who believes.
And so, Father, right now in the name of Jesus, we call forth the harvest.
We send our angels out from the north, the south, the east, and the west to bring the money they need.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
Go, ministering spirits, go and cause the money and the food to come forth.
Father, I speak to the needs.
I speak to the mountain: you go, in Jesus' name.
We call forth blessing and increase and multiplied favor according to Malachi and Deuteronomy 28, that everything we put our hands to will prosper.
I speak for jobs and better jobs, raises and bonuses, benefits, sales, and commissions.
Father, I thank you for interest and income, rebates and returns, checks in the mail, gifts and surprises, finding money, bills paid off, blessing, and increase.
I thank you, Lord, that that's the kind of God we serve.
Father, I thank you for inheritances and for things that have been caught up in the court system.
I speak to the court system for favor over their circumstances right now.
If they're being sued, I call for favor over that lawsuit in Jesus' name.
Father, we call those things that be not as though they were.
We speak to those circumstances in Jesus' name, and we thank you, Lord, that you will provide.
You are El Elyon, the Most High, Jehovah Jireh.
You will provide.
And God, I thank you that you're the God of more than enough, and you'll take care of these people and meet them where they are in their faith.
I thank you, Lord, that you're bringing that blessing forth to them right now.
I thank you, Lord, that you're turning this on a dime.
God will do it.
I've seen him do it over and over again.
And Father, I thank you for the people who are sick in body.
I speak to the sickness right now in the name of Jesus.
You spirit of sickness and disease, I bind you and I cast you out.
I command healing to flow over their bodies from the top of their heads to the soles of their feet.
I call them delivered and set free.
Blind eyes open, ears open.
Cancer, go in Jesus' name.
I speak to diabetes and heart disease to go.
Jesus is a healer.
And we believe, Father, right now, I believe they are healed and delivered from this disease.
Wow, I just saw something right then.
I saw a turtle sticking its head out.
That is so strange.
Father, I speak to that in the name of Jesus.
It was a demonic spirit, is what it looked like.
And I speak to that demonic spirit right now: release them and let them go.
I call deliverance over their circumstances.
Demonic strongholds be broken off of their lives.
I speak to that stronghold right now; you be broken off.
Some of you have been bound by this for years and years.
It's like the people at the pool of Bethesda were just waiting there for the angel to stir the water so they could be healed.
You've been waiting a long time for a manifestation for your healing.
And God said it's coming around; that breakthrough is coming.
It's going to be a 24-hour turnaround.
Watch right now in the name of Jesus.
We speak for a turnaround in your finances and your lives right now.
We call for a financial turnaround.
We believe we receive this by faith in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Things are going to get better, y'all.
So, I just want to say thank you for joining me.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much.
Bye-bye.